chore: Updates and fixes in README.md (#461)
filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi: README.md

### Maintainers

The core maintainers of this repository are:
- @Filoz

> - Elliptic Research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Elliptic Research](https://www.ellipticresearch.com/)
```

- Roughly on a monthly basis, lotus will integrate ffi's head in `master` branch, for it's new feature release, and carry it through the testing flows.
  - `release/lotus-vX` will be created to determine the commit that lotus integrates in the corresponding release.
- If any bug is found during the testing, the fix should land in master then get backported to `release/lotus-vX`. The updated commit should be integrated into lotus and getting tested. Repeat the steps until it can be considered as stable.

*Consensus breaking changes*
- Consensus breaking changes should be developed in it's own branch, (branch name is suggested to be: feature branches `feat/` or bug fix branches `bug/`). 
- Consensus breaking changes that are scoped into the next immediate network upgrade shall land in `next` branch first. The maintainers are responsible to coordinate on when to land `next` to `master` according to lotus mandatory(network upgrade) release schedules.
- A new dev branch should be created and contributors are responsible to rebase the branch onto `master`/`next` as needed.

#### Versioning

> The versioning in Filecoin-FFI currently follows the Lotus versioning, this is something we will refactor in the near future. As an example, if you are cutting a release for Lotus v1.28.0-rc1, the Filecoin-FFI release will be named v1.28.0-rc1 as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The versioning in Filecoin-FFI currently follows the Lotus versioning.  For example, if you are cutting a release for Lotus v1.28.0-rc1, the Filecoin-FFI release will be named v1.28.0-rc1 as well.  (Note: Lotus versioning will be refactored in the near future as part of [lotus #12072](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12072).)
```

#### Release Process

<details>

>   <summary>Cutting a development or release candidate release:</summary>

Reviewer: Your call, but I think we get more value out of making this a heading

```##### Cutting a development or release candidate release```

than do section collapsing.

Reason being that it can show up in the table of contents and it's possible to hyperlink to the specific section.

Author: Added in https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/pull/461/commits/adad951bf68a1679437d9208c4bf07c795573a15

1. Go to [Filecoin-FFI Releases](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/releases).
2. Click the "Draft a new release" button in the right corner.
3. In the "Choose a tag" dropdown, enter the desired version and click "Create new tag: vX.XX.X-rcX/dev on publish".
4. Target the master branch.

> 5. Set the previous tag to compare against, the last stable release, and click the "Generate release notes" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set the previous tag to compare against, which should be the last stable release.
6. Click the "Generate release notes" button.
```

6. Check the "Set as a pre-release" checkbox.
7. Click "Publish release" to create the release.

</details>

<details>

>   <summary>Cutting a definitive release:</summary>

Reviewer: Do we need a step for changelog generation (https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi?tab=readme-ov-file#updating-the-changelog ) and curation?

1. Go to [Filecoin-FFI Releases](https://github.com/filecoin-project/filecoin-ffi/releases).
2. Click the "Draft a new release" button in the right corner.
3. In the "Choose a tag" dropdown, enter the desired version and click "Create new tag: vX.XX.X on publish".
4. Target the release candidate you want to create a stable.

> 5. Set the previous tag to compare against, the last definitive or patch release, and click the "Generate release notes" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set the previous tag to compare against, which should be the last stable release (e.g., non-RC)
6. click the "Generate release notes" button.
```
I assue we are also comparing against last stable release.  If so, let's use same wording as with "Cutting a development or release candidate release"
